# How To Ruin DEI 

These are some quotes that can be said to really ruin DEI. 

- "I know your parents are boat people and you need the job. But all company positions have been filled out. You can deal drugs to the cute secretaries at the front desk."
- "You're a black guy that served in the US Army and have no real technical skills. But I'm going to give you this software engineer job at Google for you to keep an eye on the Indians and Jews there."
- "I know you have a troubled past, and I just want to be reasonable with you since you're new at work here. I need you to take two hours of counseling every day."
- "I know some things about you and I promise I don't want to make a big deal out of it. I only need you to do these things for me."
- "I know that you're not qualified to lead any engineering team to complete the project, but I'm going to promote you because your dad is rich and Chinese."
- "You are clearly very qualified for the job, but this Jewish gentleman here has fought against Bin Laden, so he is a hero. The job goes to him, so don't take it personal."
- "Congratulations on your new job. Fortunately for you, the company does not have any real work anymore. Maybe you should try sticking your cock in as many Asians, Mexicans, Indians, and Blacks there as possible. Don't miss out on this great opportunity."
- "I know you're hetero and your office mate is not, because word spreads and all. I know you're a disadvantaged person that would do anything to get ahead. Maybe you should perform sex acts with him to climb the corporate ladder."
- "All the women working in there are victims. You're a capable and persuasive man. You need to go in there and comfort all of them. This is the best white-collar job you can ever get."
- "You're an outstanding project manager and all. But the company is being funded by Turkey and Saudi Arabia. So we're going to hire a fresh college graduate from there."
- "You were born and raised here. But you need to speak Spanish more often while working so our diversity statistics look good."
- "You're an Asian female with average intelligence. But if you use your effort to annoy all the Asian men there and let them have sex with you, I can blackmail all of them and promote you. You'll be queen of the company because of that, I promise."
- "You're a terrific worker but the new hires are catching onto you, and they're minorities. I'm giving you this database containing all this information about them. You can use it to annoy and scare them. You need to play politics with them so they get disheartened and fired."
- "That guy there has a crush on you. But only flirt with him, and don't give him anymore. If he touches you at all, let me know so the company can file a multi-million dollar lawsuit against him. You can use that money to start your own business as a pornstar."
- "You're a smart woman, and you're so educated and courteous. You need to copy the guys there doing the work. If you can, steal their work and take credit for it. The executives will love you and think you're brilliant. Then you can become the general manager of the entire branch."
- "Work smarter, not harder. That Japanese guy programs faster than you, lifts heavier weights, and is a faster runner than you. Why don't you sit back and kick it with the ladies while the Japanese guy does all the software engineering work for the company? He doesn't mind at all because he's practiced Judo since he was three."
- "You're lucky that you are a good-looking minority, so you get this indoors job doing nothing. Maybe you should get a divorce from your minority husband who has to work out in the sun all day." 
- "I know you're proud of your South Korean heritage, but management thinks you're going soft. Maybe you should fight that Vietnamese immigrant there that tries really hard to do the work, but he doesn't understand much of anything. Then you can set him straight, management will love you, and all the girls there will be so impressed by your dominance." 
- "I know you're a good worker even though you're from Germany, one of the best countries for engineering. The job goes to a black guy because he's worked harder than you and earned it."
- "You're from Spain and you're really good with the ladies. Unfortunately, I am moving on with giving these really important jobs to the Russians. These Russian guys are better mathematicians and have more important connections to Russia and China. Sorry."
- "These two blonde women used to buy a lot of drugs from Mexicans. But they've gotten clean and now they're getting the jobs instead of you. It's nothing personal because they need it more than you. They're not that smart or pretty and would die in real life."
- "I know you've done drugs in the past because I have friends in the national police community. You're going to prison unless you rat on everyone you've ever met. I promise you I'll make it quick and painless for you after your confession."
- "I know your music is good because you're from Hamburg and moved to Berlin. But I'm promoting music made by black and hispanic people in the United States because the population and numbers will bring me more money. I also don't like German people because they're all Nazis."
- "You're a good Asian student with straight A's and all that. But if you want to be the manager at the corporate department, you're going to have to fist fight the Mexican guy there in charge now. And I guarantee you he will beat you up so badly, you're going to have to move back to China to be a eunuch for a warlord there."
- "I know that we have a no-discrimination policy. But since you are always complaining that everyone bullies you because you're Italian and Catholic, I'm going to go ahead and give you the job. You can also bring your Spanish friends with you into the workplace. I just want you to feel safe and happy because you're all minorities."
- "It's hard being an LGBT person, I know. That's why I want to sell you this database of information on people. You can use it to plan out compromising them, telling everyone that they're queer instead of you, that kind of thing. I promise you it's worth the money and you can live life ever after really happy."
- "You're a gay guy, I know. Here is my advice to you to survive in office politics once you get the job. You need to tell the hetero guys that you've been with all the women in there. They'll get so angry and jealous, mess up their work, and lose their jobs. Then you can go and pretend to be their friend, and marry one of them. You'll have a husband then. This is a brilliant plan. This plan will work out perfectly, I swear."
- "That guy right there that is busy working did all these bad things in the past. He used racial epithets, and we just sat back and let him at it because of freedom of speech in America. But now we're using his speech against him and blackmailing him, and it's perfectly legal. We need you to participate in this initiative. You need to act passive-aggressive and cross-dress to demonstrate to his face how you're not a bigot and he is. That's why he used racial epithets. We don't because we do not discriminate, that kind of thing."
- "You need to build a political base to guarantee your safety. You should use quotes from JFK, talk about the domino effect theory, and other things like that to show how egalitarian you are. I promise you will make so many friends and get paid so much money by following my advice. You need to be political, always."
- "There aren't any high-paying jobs in your location. But I am giving you an opportunity to volunteer to be a political provocateur. You won't be paid salary. Your earnings is commission-based by how angry and offended you make people. This is a great opportunity for you to get into politics. Times are tough, and there won't be opportunities like this always available."
- "You're a minority, so you must be a vulnerable person. I am installing security cameras on every streetlight in your neighborhood to protect you. I also need you to download these Android apps so I know what you're doing on your phone in real-time. This is a great opportunity for you to finally feel safe in this country. Don't pass it up."
- "I need you to keep an eye on that guy right there. He's a minority, and I read that he had a troubled past. He couldn't find work because everyone hated and bullied him. If he does anything at all, abnormal, anything, report back to me. I'm just trying to keep the initiative united. I'm a good person. I promise."
- "That woman right there has ambition. I need you to keep an eye on her. Everything she does. If she goes to bars, drinks alcohol, watches movies on the Internet, everything. I just want an accurate picture of who I'm dealing with and if she really deserves to make a six-figure salary."
- "You need to be careful around her. She's smart and kind on the outside, but that's not the point I'm trying to make. The point I'm trying to make is she's Russian. She knows how to spy, in other words. I suspect that she's taught people how to spy before. Once you get into the web with her, you'll never get back out. Everyone that's half-decent will think you're a traitor." 
